README.md, before:

# CS2 Rock The Vote
![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Oz-Lin/cs2-rockthevote/total) ![Last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Oz-Lin/cs2-rockthevote "Last commit") ![Open issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/abnerfs/cs2-rockthevote "Open Issues") ![Closed issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/abnerfs/cs2-rockthevote "Closed Issues") ![Size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/abnerfs/dontpad-api "Size")

![image](https://github.com/Oz-Lin/cs2-rockthevote/assets/14078661/a603d1b6-ba35-4d5a-b887-1b14058a8050)

General purpose map voting plugin, started as a simple RTV and now has more features

# Enjoying the plugin?
Please drop a ⭐ star in the repository 

  
## Requirements
[Latest release of Counter Strike Sharp](https://github.com/roflmuffin/CounterStrikeSharp)

# Instalation
- Download the latest release from https://github.com/Oz-Lin/cs2-rockthevote/releases
- Extract the .zip file into `addons/counterstrikesharp/plugins`
- Enjoy

# Features
- Reads from a custom maplist
- RTV Command
- Timeleft command
- Nominate command
- Votemap command
- Supports workshop maps
- Nextmap command
- Fully configurable
- Translated by the community

# Work in Progress
- Vote to extend current map by time limit and/or maximum rounds
- Ignore players in Spectators from vote count
- Cooldown to start another RTV after the last vote

# Translations
| Language             | Contributor          |
| -------------------- | -------------------- |
| Brazilian Portuguese | abnerfs              |
| English              | abnerfs              |
| Ukrainian            | panikajo             |
| Turkish              | brkvlr               |
| Russian              | Auttend              |
| Latvian              | rcon420              |
| Hungarian            | Chickender, lovasatt |
| Polish               | D3X                  |
| French               | o3LL                 |
| Chinese (zh-Hans)    | himenekocn           |

# Configs
- A config file will be created in `addons/counterstrikesharp/configs/plugins/RockTheVote` the first time you load the plugin.
- Changes in the config file will require you to reload the plugin or restart the server (change the map won't work).
- Maps that will be used in RTV/nominate/votemap/end of map vote are located in addons/counterstrikesharp/configs/plugins/RockTheVote/maplist.txt

## General config
| Config         | Description                                                                      | Default Value | Min | Max |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- | --- | --- |
| MapsInCoolDown | Number of maps that can't be used in vote because they have been played recently | 3             | 0   |     |

## RockTheVote
Players can type rtv to request the map to be changed, once a number of votes is reached (by default 60% of players in the server) a vote will start for the next map, this vote lasts up to 30 seconds (hardcoded for now), in the end server changes to the winner map.

| Config              | Description                                                                                                            | Default Value | Min   | Max                                  |
| ------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- | ----- | ------------------------------------ |
| Enabled             | Enable/Disable RTV functionality                                                                                       | true          | false | true                                 |
| EnabledInWarmup     | Enable/Disable RTV during warmup                                                                                       | false         | false | true                                 |
| NominationEnabled   | Enable/Disable nomination                                                                                              | true          | false | true                                 |
| MinPlayers          | Minimum amount of players to enable RTV/Nominate                                                                       | 0             | 0     |                                      |
| MinRounds           | Minimum rounds to enable RTV/Nominate                                                                                  | 0             | 0     |                                      |
| ChangeMapImmediatly | Whether to change the map immediatly when vote ends or not                                                             | true          | false | true                                 |
| HudMenu             | Whether to use HudMenu or just the chat one, when false the hud only shows which map is winning instead of actual menu | true          | false | true                                 |
| HideHudAfterVote    | Whether to hide vote status hud after vote or not, only matters when HudMenu is true                                   | false         | false | true                                 |
| MapsToShow          | Amount of maps to show in vote,                                                                                        | 6             | 1     | 6 with HudMenu, unlimited without it |
| VoteDuration        | Seconds the RTV should can last                                                                                        | 30            | 1     |                                      |
| VotePercentage      | Percentage of players that should type RTV in order to start a vote                                                    | 60            | 0     | 100                                  |
| DontChangeRtv       | Enable/Disable option not to change the current map                                                                    | true          | false | true                                 |
| IgnoreSpec          | Ignore spectators from vote count                                                                                      | true          | false | true                                 |
| VoteCooldownTime    | Cooldown timer to start the next RTV                                                                                   | 300           | 0     | -                                 |


## End of map vote
Based on mp_timelimit and mp_maxrounds cvar before the map ends a RTV like vote will start to define the next map, it can be configured to change immediatly or only when the map actually ends

| Config                  | Description                                                                                                            | Default Value | Min   | Max                                  |
| ----------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- | ----- | ------------------------------------ |
| Enabled                 | Enable/Disable end of map vote functionality                                                                           | true          | false | true                                 |
| ChangeMapImmediatly     | Whether to change the map immediatly when vote ends or not                                                             | true          | false | true                                 |
| HideHudAfterVote        | Whether to hide vote status hud after vote or not, only matters when HudMenu is true                                   | false         | false | true                                 |
| MapsToShow              | Amount of maps to show in vote,                                                                                        | 6             | 1     | 6 with HudMenu, unlimited without it |
| VoteDuration            | Seconds the RTV should can last                                                                                        | 30            | 1     |                                      |
| HudMenu                 | Whether to use HudMenu or just the chat one, when false the hud only shows which map is winning instead of actual menu | true          | false | true                                 |
| TriggerSecondsBeforeEnd | Amount of seconds before end of the map that should trigger the vote, only used when mp_timelimit is greater than 0    | 120           | 1     |                                      |
| TriggerRoundsBeforEnd   | Amount of rounds before end of map that should trigger the vote, only used when mp_maxrounds is set                    | 2             | 1     |                                      |
| DelayToChangeInTheEnd   | Delay in seconds that plugin will take to change the map after the win panel is shown to the players                   | 6             | 3     |                                      |
| AllowExtend             | Option to extend the current map                                                                                       | true          | false | true                                 |
| ExtendTimeStep          | How long (in minutes) should the mp_timelimit to be extended                                                           | 15f           | 0     |                                      |
| ExtendRoundStep         | How many rounds should the mp_maxrounds to be extended                                                                 | 5             | 0     |                                      |
| ExtendLimit             | How many times the current map can be extended                                                                         | 3             | 0     |                                      |


## Votemap
Players can vote to change to an specific map by using the votemap <mapname> command

| Config              | Description                                                              | Default Value | Min   | Max  |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------- | ----- | ---- |
| Enabled             | Enable/disable votemap funtionality                                      | true          | false | tru  |
| VotePercentage      | Percentage of players that should vote in a map in order to change to it | 60            | 1     | 100  |
| ChangeMapImmediatly | Whether to change the map immediatly when vote ends or not               | true          | false | true |
| EnabledInWarmup     | Enable/Disable votemap during warmup                                     | true          | false | true |
| MinRounds           | Minimum rounds to enable votemap                                         | 0             |       |      |
| MinPlayers          | Minimum amount of players to enable votemap                              |               |       |      |
| HudMenu             | Whether to use HudMenu or just the chat one                              | true          | false | true |
| IgnoreSpec          | Ignore spectators from vote count                                        | true          | false | true |


## Timeleft
Players can type `timeleft` to see how much time is left in the current map 

| Config    | Description                                                                      | Default Value | Min   | Max  |
| --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- | ----- | ---- |
| ShowToAll | Whether to show command response to everyone or just the player that executed it | false         | false | true |

## Nextmap
Players can type `nextmap` to see which map is going to be played next

| Config    | Description                                                                      | Default Value | Min   | Max  |
| --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- | ----- | ---- |
| ShowToAll | Whether to show command response to everyone or just the player that executed it | false         | false | true |


  
# Adding workshop maps
- If you are not hosting a collection in order to add workshop maps you need to know it's id and add as following in the maplist.txt file: `<mapname>:<workshop-id>`.
- If you are already hosting a collection and can change to workshop maps using the command `ds_workshop_changelevel <map-name>` you don't need the id, just put the actual map name and it will work.

```
de_thera:3121217565
de_dust2
```

# Server commands

- rtv [seconds] - Trigger a map vote externally that will change the map immediately with an optional seconds parameter for voting duration (useful for gamemodes like GunGame)

# Limitations
 - Plugins is still under development and a lot of functionality is still going to be added in the future.
 - I usually test the new versions in an empty server with bots so it is hard to tell if everything is actually working, feel free to post any issues here or in the discord thread so I can fix them https://discord.com/channels/1160907911501991946/1176224458751627514

Commit message:

update config and readme definition

README.md, after:

# CS2 Rock The Vote
![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Oz-Lin/cs2-rockthevote/total) ![Last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Oz-Lin/cs2-rockthevote "Last commit") ![Open issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/abnerfs/cs2-rockthevote "Open Issues") ![Closed issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/abnerfs/cs2-rockthevote "Closed Issues") ![Size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/abnerfs/dontpad-api "Size")

![image](https://github.com/Oz-Lin/cs2-rockthevote/assets/14078661/a603d1b6-ba35-4d5a-b887-1b14058a8050)

General purpose map voting plugin, started as a simple RTV and now has more features

# Enjoying the plugin?
Please drop a ⭐ star in the repository 

  
## Requirements
[Latest release of Counter Strike Sharp](https://github.com/roflmuffin/CounterStrikeSharp)

# Instalation
- Download the latest release from https://github.com/Oz-Lin/cs2-rockthevote/releases
- Extract the .zip file into `addons/counterstrikesharp/plugins`
- Enjoy

# Features
- Reads from a custom maplist
- RTV Command
- Timeleft command
- Nominate command
- Votemap command
- Supports workshop maps
- Nextmap command
- Fully configurable
- Translated by the community

# Work in Progress
- Vote to extend current map by time limit and/or maximum rounds
- Ignore players in Spectators from vote count
- Cooldown to start another RTV after the last vote

# Translations
| Language             | Contributor          |
| -------------------- | -------------------- |
| Brazilian Portuguese | abnerfs              |
| English              | abnerfs              |
| Ukrainian            | panikajo             |
| Turkish              | brkvlr               |
| Russian              | Auttend              |
| Latvian              | rcon420              |
| Hungarian            | Chickender, lovasatt |
| Polish               | D3X                  |
| French               | o3LL                 |
| Chinese (zh-Hans)    | himenekocn           |

# Configs
- A config file will be created in `addons/counterstrikesharp/configs/plugins/RockTheVote` the first time you load the plugin.
- Changes in the config file will require you to reload the plugin or restart the server (change the map won't work).
- Maps that will be used in RTV/nominate/votemap/end of map vote are located in addons/counterstrikesharp/configs/plugins/RockTheVote/maplist.txt

## General config
| Config         | Description                                                                      | Default Value | Min | Max |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- | --- | --- |
| MapsInCoolDown | Number of maps that can't be used in vote because they have been played recently | 3             | 0   |     |

## RockTheVote
Players can type rtv to request the map to be changed, once a number of votes is reached (by default 60% of players in the server) a vote will start for the next map, this vote lasts up to 30 seconds (hardcoded for now), in the end server changes to the winner map.

| Config              | Description                                                                                                            | Default Value | Min   | Max                                  |
| ------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- | ----- | ------------------------------------ |
| Enabled             | Enable/Disable RTV functionality                                                                                       | true          | false | true                                 |
| EnabledInWarmup     | Enable/Disable RTV during warmup                                                                                       | false         | false | true                                 |
| NominationEnabled   | Enable/Disable nomination                                                                                              | true          | false | true                                 |
| MinPlayers          | Minimum amount of players to enable RTV/Nominate                                                                       | 0             | 0     |                                      |
| MinRounds           | Minimum rounds to enable RTV/Nominate                                                                                  | 0             | 0     |                                      |
| ChangeMapImmediatly | Whether to change the map immediatly when vote ends or not                                                             | true          | false | true                                 |
| HudMenu             | Whether to use HudMenu or just the chat one, when false the hud only shows which map is winning instead of actual menu | true          | false | true                                 |
| HideHudAfterVote    | Whether to hide vote status hud after vote or not, only matters when HudMenu is true                                   | false         | false | true                                 |
| MapsToShow          | Amount of maps to show in vote,                                                                                        | 6             | 1     | 6 with HudMenu, unlimited without it |
| VoteDuration        | Seconds the RTV should can last                                                                                        | 30            | 1     |                                      |
| VotePercentage      | Percentage of players that should type RTV in order to start a vote                                                    | 60            | 0     | 100                                  |
| DontChangeRtv       | Enable/Disable option not to change the current map                                                                    | true          | false | true                                 |
| IgnoreSpec          | Ignore spectators from vote count                                                                                      | true          | false | true                                 |
| VoteCooldownTime    | Cooldown timer to start the next RTV                                                                                   | 300           | 0     | -                                 |


## End of map vote
Based on mp_timelimit and mp_maxrounds cvar before the map ends a RTV like vote will start to define the next map, it can be configured to change immediatly or only when the map actually ends

| Config                  | Description                                                                                                            | Default Value | Min   | Max                                  |
| ----------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- | ----- | ------------------------------------ |
| Enabled                 | Enable/Disable end of map vote functionality                                                                           | true          | false | true                                 |
| ChangeMapImmediatly     | Whether to change the map immediatly when vote ends or not                                                             | true          | false | true                                 |
| HideHudAfterVote        | Whether to hide vote status hud after vote or not, only matters when HudMenu is true                                   | false         | false | true                                 |
| MapsToShow              | Amount of maps to show in vote,                                                                                        | 6             | 1     | 6 with HudMenu, unlimited without it |
| VoteDuration            | Seconds the RTV should can last                                                                                        | 30            | 1     |                                      |
| HudMenu                 | Whether to use HudMenu or just the chat one, when false the hud only shows which map is winning instead of actual menu | true          | false | true                                 |
| TriggerSecondsBeforeEnd | Amount of seconds before end of the map that should trigger the vote, only used when mp_timelimit is greater than 0    | 120           | 1     |                                      |
| TriggerRoundsBeforEnd   | Amount of rounds before end of map that should trigger the vote, only used when mp_maxrounds is set                    | 2             | 1     |                                      |
| DelayToChangeInTheEnd   | Delay in seconds that plugin will take to change the map after the win panel is shown to the players                   | 6             | 3     |                                      |
| AllowExtend             | Option to extend the current map                                                                                       | true          | false | true                                 |
| ExtendTimeStep          | How long (in minutes) should the mp_timelimit to be extended                                                           | 15f           | 0     |                                      |
| ExtendRoundStep         | How many rounds should the mp_maxrounds to be extended                                                                 | 5             | 0     |                                      |
| ExtendLimit             | How many times the current map can be extended                                                                         | 3             | 0     |                                      |

## Extend map vote
Players can extend the current map by using the !ext command. Extends the mp_timelimit and mp_maxrounds cvar

| Config                  | Description                                                                                                            | Default Value | Min   | Max                                  |
| ----------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- | ----- | ------------------------------------ |
| Enabled                 | Enable/Disable extend map vote functionality                                                                           | true          | false | true                                 |
| EnabledInWarmup         | Enable/Disable EXT during warmup                                                                                       | true          | false | true                                 |
| MinRounds               | Minimum rounds to enable ext                                         | 0             |       |      |
| MinPlayers              | Minimum amount of players to enable ext                              |               |       |      |
| VotePercentage		  | Percentage of players that should vote in a map in order to extend it												   | 60            | 1     | 100								  |
| ChangeMapImmediatly     | Placeholder field. Keep it as false to prevent breaking the plugin function                                            | false         | false | true                                 |
| ExtendTimeStep          | How long (in minutes) should the mp_timelimit to be extended                                                           | 15f           | 0     |                                      |
| ExtendRoundStep         | How many rounds should the mp_maxrounds to be extended                                                                 | 5             | 0     |                                      |
| ExtendLimit             | How many times the current map can be extended                                                                         | 3             | 0     |                                      |
| IgnoreSpec              | Ignore spectators from vote count																					   | true          | false | true								  |


## Votemap
Players can vote to change to an specific map by using the votemap <mapname> command

| Config              | Description                                                              | Default Value | Min   | Max  |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------- | ----- | ---- |
| Enabled             | Enable/disable votemap funtionality                                      | true          | false | tru  |
| VotePercentage      | Percentage of players that should vote in a map in order to change to it | 60            | 1     | 100  |
| ChangeMapImmediatly | Whether to change the map immediatly when vote ends or not               | true          | false | true |
| EnabledInWarmup     | Enable/Disable votemap during warmup                                     | true          | false | true |
| MinRounds           | Minimum rounds to enable votemap                                         | 0             |       |      |
| MinPlayers          | Minimum amount of players to enable votemap                              |               |       |      |
| HudMenu             | Whether to use HudMenu or just the chat one                              | true          | false | true |
| IgnoreSpec          | Ignore spectators from vote count                                        | true          | false | true |


## Timeleft
Players can type `timeleft` to see how much time is left in the current map 

| Config    | Description                                                                      | Default Value | Min   | Max  |
| --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- | ----- | ---- |
| ShowToAll | Whether to show command response to everyone or just the player that executed it | false         | false | true |

## Nextmap
Players can type `nextmap` to see which map is going to be played next

| Config    | Description                                                                      | Default Value | Min   | Max  |
| --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- | ----- | ---- |
| ShowToAll | Whether to show command response to everyone or just the player that executed it | false         | false | true |


  
# Adding workshop maps
- If you are not hosting a collection in order to add workshop maps you need to know it's id and add as following in the maplist.txt file: `<mapname>:<workshop-id>`.
- If you are already hosting a collection and can change to workshop maps using the command `ds_workshop_changelevel <map-name>` you don't need the id, just put the actual map name and it will work.

```
de_thera:3121217565
de_dust2
```

# Server commands

- rtv [seconds] - Trigger a map vote externally that will change the map immediately with an optional seconds parameter for voting duration (useful for gamemodes like GunGame)

# Limitations
 - Plugins is still under development and a lot of functionality is still going to be added in the future.
 - I usually test the new versions in an empty server with bots so it is hard to tell if everything is actually working, feel free to post any issues here or in the discord thread so I can fix them https://discord.com/channels/1160907911501991946/1176224458751627514
